Replace `decls` with `spec`. (#4263)
wasp-lang/wasp: web/docs/tutorial/02-project-structure.md

`main.wasp.ts` is your app's Wasp file.
It defines the app's central components and helps Wasp to do a lot of the legwork for you.

> The file exports your app's top-level configuration and a `spec` array. Each entry defines a Route, Page, Query, Action, or other features provided by Wasp.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The file exports your app's top-level configuration and a collection of specifications. Each one defines a Route, Page, Query, Action, or other features provided by Wasp.
```
